>> Brian Holt: So who am I?
I'm that guy,
if you couldn't tell [LAUGH].
This is me having a Belgian
beer with my wife in Paris.
My name is Brian Holt.
>> Brian Holt: I currently,
at this moment in time, work at Microsoft.
I'm a cloud developer advocate,
which means that my job is
to convince people that putting your
stuff on Microsoft Cloud is okay.
[LAUGH] Actually, the last lesson will be
us putting stuff into Microsoft Cloud, so
you can actually see how that works.
>> Brian Holt: I
do a lot of traveling,
which is good and bad.
I just moved to Seattle maybe eight weeks
ago, and I've only been home for six days.
[LAUGH] Which is awesome,
cuz I get to be in places like this, but
I also don't know where I live.
[LAUGH] But it's awesome.
So yeah, I currently live in Seattle.
I just moved there from San Francisco.
I'm on a podcast called
Frontend Happy Hour, which is pretty fun.
It's literally just us drinking and
talking about Javascript,
which is my two favorite things.
Previously, I worked at LinkedIn,
Netflix, Reddit, and
a couple of other smaller companies
when I lived in Salt Lake City.
My biggest passions are people and
experiences.
So, that's why I love to travel.
Anytime that I can be,
I try to be traveling.
What else?
I have a little dog named Luna,
she's adorable.
[LAUGH] And please catch up
with me on social networks.
I posted all the ones that I use there.
Again, I just wanna give another
shout out to Frontend Masters.
I love to teach,
it's one of my greatest passions.
It's not something I can fully totally
make a living at, this point in time, so
that's why I still have my other job,
which I really do like as well.
I like teaching because it forces you to
distill your knowledge down to something
like crystal that you can
actually explain to someone.
And then it forces you to acknowledge
the gaps in your own knowledge.
For me to truly master something,
I have to teach it to someone else.
These courses take a ton
of time to prepare.
So that's why I'm actually really
grateful to Frontend Masters.
They give me deadlines and
incentive to finish these workshops.
So that's really, really great.
And they also encourage me
to open source all material.
So that even if people can't
afford to watch the videos,
they can still have the website and
materials.
And that's something that Frontend Masters
has really encouraged me to do.
So super, super grateful to all of them.
And cool, last thing,
I did this last night.
I got a bunch of people to tweet
encouraging things to you while you're
learning these courses.
And so at the bottom of every
page is an encouraging tweet for
you to keep going, which I thought was,
I don't know, really cool.
And there's actually some really cool
people in here that have tweeted.
Other Frontend Masters like Kentsey Dodd
is in there and Sarah Drasner and
Richard Feldman.
And they're all in there encouraging
you to keep going and learning stuff.
So if you need a little boost,
just check that out.
Okay, does anyone have any
questions before we get
started?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Can you speak just briefly
on, I'm always confused about
how you can fark something and
mess with it and
then call it your own code?
Where is that line between where
you just stole something and where
you can use it for your own personal gain?
>> Brian Holt: That's a really good
question, and that's actually a good
question to answer I think right now.
Because there's a ton of code in here
that I wrote that I absolutely want you
to steal.
[LAUGH] Please take
everything that I've written,
this is all creative common license.
So we are all standing on
the shoulders of giants.
I didn't create JavaScript.
I didn't create the assembly
that's underneath it.
I didn't create the processes
that are underneath it.
So we are all in some way borrow or
stealing from someone else.
Some of us, and I would say most of
us that I know in the community,
are actually really enthused that
anyone would want to use our code.
I find it quite flattering that someone
actually cares that I wrote something.
[LAUGH] So, I think the answer is like,
where is the ethical line?
I think as long as you're acknowledging
that I'm using this code.
This person wrote this code and
you're not presenting it as
if like I wrote this code.
Then I think you're okay, almost always.
But you should always follow the license.
All the code that you're gonna see
is licensed in some way or another.
And if it's MIT licensed, which is
the most common one, it means that
you can literally take their code and
then say this is mine and I wrote it.
And that's actually okay.
I mean, don't do that.
But you could, right?
So I mean, it's what's ethical and
what's legal.
If it feels weird, then maybe don't.
But just follow your heart.
Nah, I'm just kidding.
[LAUGH] Yeah, no,
most people want you to use their code.
>> Speaker 2: Okay,
I'm just wondering, yeah, cuz I come from
a background in school where if you copy
the letter A from
somebody else's homework,
you're gonna fail.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
>> Brian Holt: It's definitely not
like this.
The open source world, the programming
world is very much about sharing.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
>> Brian Holt: Good question.